Submariner for environments with multiple AZ (#5467)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/postgres_distributed_for_kubernetes/1/quickstart.mdx

witness node spread across three regions. Each data group consists of two data nodes
and a local witness node.

> !!! Note Availability zones 

Reviewer: Same as previous comment. Regions have multiple AZs, so Regions and Availability Zones?

    When creating Kubernetes clusters in different availability zones for cross-regional replication, 

>     ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. Specifically, every service created with a `-node` or `-group` suffix must be discoverable by all other `-node` and `-group` services. This can be achieved by deploying a network connectivity application like 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. Specifically, every service created with a `-node` or `-group` suffix must be discoverable by all other `-node` and `-group` services. You can achieve this by deploying a network connectivity application like 
```

witness node spread across three regions. Each data group consists of two data nodes
and a local witness node.

> !!! NoteAvailability zones 
>     When creating Kubernetes clusters in different availability zones for cross-regional replication, 
>     ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. To ensure 
>     pods and services are reachable by all Kubernetes clusters, deploy a network connectivity application like 
>     [Submariner](https://submariner.io/) on every cluster. 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! NoteAvailability zones 
    When creating Kubernetes clusters in different availability zones for cross-regional replication, 
    ensure the clusters can communicate with each other by enabling network connectivity. Specifically, every service created with a `-node` or `-group` suffix must be discoverable by all other `-node` and `-group` services. This can be achieved by deploying a network connectivity application like 
    [Submariner](https://submariner.io/) on every cluster. 

```
